Close the connection if MAX_STREAMS is too large (#2499)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

limits are set in the transport parameters (see
{{transport-parameter-definitions}}) and subsequently limits are advertised
using MAX_STREAMS frames ({{frame-max-streams}}). Separate limits apply to
unidirectional and bidirectional streams. When a MAX_STREAMS frame is received
that permits more streams than can be expressed by the stream ID

> (i.e. greater than 2^60 - 1), the connection MUST be immediately closed with a

Reviewer: I wonder if "greater than 2^60 - 1" is correct. 2^60 is a valid number to be carried by a MAX_STREAM frame.

To avoid confusion (between number of streams and the maximum stream IDs), it might be a good idea to simply state something like: _When a MAX_STREAM frame carrying Maximum Streams greater than 2^60 is received, the connection MUST be ..._

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think that is better.  Or "If a MAX_STREAMS carries a value of 2^60 or greater (which implies a maximum stream ID that cannot be expressed in the protocol), then the connection MUST ..."

Reviewer: @martinthomson's text looks fine with one exception: s/a value of 2^60 or greater/a value greater than 2^60/.

2^60 is a valid number to be carried by MAX_STREAMS.

Reviewer 2: Yep, my bad.  Fence-post error on my part.

using MAX_STREAMS frames ({{frame-max-streams}}). Separate limits apply to
unidirectional and bidirectional streams.

> If a max_streams transport parameter or MAX_STREAMS frame carries a value

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a max_streams transport parameter or MAX_STREAMS frame is received with a value
```

> greater than 2^60, which implies a maximum stream ID that cannot be expressed,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
greater than 2^60, which implies a maximum stream ID that cannot be expressed in later frames (see {{frame-formats}}),
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think that we need to say this.  It's strictly more correct, but the extra words only obscure the meaning.  Isn't it obvious that we're only talking about QUIC?

Author: Agreed.

Reviewer 3: My addition was (perhaps poorly) trying to articulate the difference between expressing it in transport params/MAX_STREAMS vs. in other frames. Saying that it's not expressible isn't accurate -- it was "expressed" when we received it -- what we want to say is that it's not expressible in other frames, specifically as a varint. 

Maybe what I should have suggested is 
"cannot be expressed as a variable-length integer (see {{integer-encoding}})."

using MAX_STREAMS frames ({{frame-max-streams}}). Separate limits apply to
unidirectional and bidirectional streams.

If a max_streams transport parameter or MAX_STREAMS frame is received with a
value greater than 2^60, this allows a maximum stream ID that cannot be

> expressed as a variable-length integer (see {{integer-encoding}}).

Reviewer 4: Maybe better: ... this value would be larger than the maximum stream ID that can be expresed as a variable-length integer.

Author: I think I'm ok with the existing text at this point, but if others prefer yours, I'll change it.

Reviewer 5: If we're bike-shedding the grammar, I'd vote for `... this would allow a maximum stream ID ...`. Using "would" correlates better to the fact that this is indeed a protocol error and therefore isn't actually allowing anything.

Author: SG, done.

> If either is received, the connection MUST be immediately closed with a

Reviewer 6: "be immediately closed" feels like odd word order, and doesn't occur elsewhere in the document.  Maybe "be closed immediately" or simply "be closed"?

Author: Changed to closed immediately
